[Autogenerated] Let's now get back to the three
possible channel implementations.
Possible channels implemented pulling consumer pattern.
They work by receivers pulling messages from the channel and may buffer
messages full of all channels are all going to point channels.
Multiple receivers can call the receive method off a possible channel,
but each message will be delivered to only one of the receivers.
Let's briefly discuss the three possible channel implementations.
First, there's Cute Channel.
This is a simple message channel that stores messages in a queue by default.
It uses a linked blocking queue with an unbounded capacity.
It's possible to configure the capacity or even to replace the
Q implementation by some other type of Q.
When receive is called on acute channel,
it gets the next message that's waiting in the queue,
or it blocks until a center puts a message in the queue or a time out occurs.
Run The Food channel is similar to Cute Channel,
but it behaves as if it has a queue with capacity.
Zero.
This means that when a sender sends a message to this type of channel,
it will block until it receiver receives the message
and also the other way around.
When I receiver calls to receive on the channel,
it will block until a center sends a message.
It's like the center and receiver agreed to meet on the
street corner to hand over a package.
Whoever arrives first at the street corner has to wait
until the other one arrives there, too.
Priority Channel is also very similar to Cute channel.
The difference is that cute channel uses a regular first in first out queue,
and that priority channel uses a priority queue instead by default,
messages are ordered by looking at a special message Hatter,
unsurprisingly named priority.
But it's also possible to configure custom logic to order
messages que channel and priority channel by default
store messages only in memory.
It's also possible to make the cubes persistent,
for example, by storing messages in the database.
But if you need messages to be persisted,
it's often better to use a message broker instead.
That's what we're going to do in the next model of this course.
So stay tuned for that.
Now you have a clear overview off the different types of message
colonel implementations that spring integration provides.
As I mentioned,
it's really important that you understand message channels so that you can make the right decision for which message colonel to use when